in this area you will find different
pokémon to the previous area you will
find um many during the morning and dare
we dolls and two tuners many piggies
during the day and morning as well many
redditors at night many who to tonight
and many Liddy bars on a morning and you
want to be aware of the Wiggles because
Middle's can poison you so it's probably
best to come OPA during night Ellen
anyway if you do get poisoned then run
to the boatmen Center quickly because
you have no healing things at the moment
because you didn't buy them
hey we're press passer I'll just give
you the pokedex which displays a pokémon
are you saying and if you go up here you
will find this battle which you can only
view once well view as many times as you
want but only at this point in the game
anyway um go to the Pokemon Center and
you want to cure in preparation for a
big battle against ? ? ? your arrival
your rival uses whatever Pokemon which
is strong um against yasar pokemon
island was so because grass the strong
against water keep it chikorita cuz
Chikorita is grass and tom girls water
and check Caritas shrinkers totodile wah
bah um you want to constantly Lee ahem
which lawyers to fans and because i love
late and I've learned reg I'm going to
be raging him after Sam out of time his
defense can't fall any further
but I buried to cure me and I should be
like show them into its yay done easy
and love love the yellow of experience
crystal strong pokémon plaza trailer so
you get money I got 300 money and you
want to come back to present elms lab
and then your rival watch a 9 mm
something evil I know how about this
yeah why oh you tube8 you yeah anyway um
um talked about mysterious egg while I
try and leave and this person will be at
mint and give you pokeballs which you
can use the cash book come on where's
we're gonna catch our first Pokemon soon
and turn off this person otherwise ill
that you go through a boring battle
which he teaches you how to catch
pokémon with you want to come up here
into this area in this area you'll find
spiros as well as this pokémon which is
the book what I want Geodude um and do
dude is strong she
is a rock pokémon and he will first of
all us level 25 he will when secondly
evolve when he traded him he first of
all into a gravel and then into a column
so I'm not gonna be able to get golem
because I can't do treads now Spiro is
the did the pokémon you got here it will
first of all I level 20 into wayfarer
and it only balls once so yeah anyway
I've got myself the book when I wanted
and must Geodude square pokémon
leave I must look at his stats no
because I heard him he get his ass off
with HP lowered he only has taco but
that's okay you'll learn them good thing
soon
and it's going to the Pope was sent to
heal him he needs healing because you
know my tray and now I'm going to be
able to put I'm going to switch them so
that she's at the top of the party
meaning he'll be in the battles and
they're going to be doing some training
basically kill whatever comes up and
then one throw pies I don't here
whenever you are my HP so I love to war
model so i have to heal and over time
the amount of time you have to visit the
/ one centerville decrease but so will
be my experience again about because
you're getting stronger the high-level
glass experience will know the high the
level the more experience you need to
level up to the bow appear as if it's
going slow going slow so it would appear
that bugging my experience each time um
maybe piland careful because it means
that you're gonna get hurt as you walk
around um he'll also have you a return
in battle
I'm going to be training not too high
probably about level nine ish she's
about a good level it's a level is total
dial so they'll be equally as strong as
each other well it should be they'll be
the same level cocoon is all I can do is
use harden so they grant a trend on the
the vowels are consuming timewise well
anything can kill them I owe you can get
the week at songs that can attack of
cars no sm